Revert Language negotiation (#96)
ietf-wg-dnsop/draft-ietf-dnsop-structured-dns-error: draft-ietf-dnsop-structured-dns-error.md

l: (language)
: The "l" field indicates the language used for the JSON-encoded "j" and "o" fields.  The value of this field MUST conform to the
  language tag syntax specified in {{Section 2.1 of !RFC5646}}.

> : This field is optional. It MUST be included when either the "j" or "o" fields are present.

Reviewer: Can this optionality be clarified further.  Perhaps something like:

```suggestion
: This field is required when either the "j" or "o" fields are present; otherwise, this field is optional.
```

but, really, what does it mean to have "l:" if both "j:" and "o:" are not present.  So perhaps, really:

```suggestion
: This field is REQUIRED when either the "j" or "o" fields are present.
```

;; OPT PSEUDOSECTION:
; EDNS: version: 0, flags:; udp: 1232

> ; OPT=TBD1 (Structured DNS Error): (no data) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
; OPT=TBD1 (Structured DNS Error): (no data)
```

;; OPT PSEUDOSECTION:
; EDNS: version: 0, flags:; udp: 1232

> ; OPT=TBD1 (Structured DNS Error): (no data) 

Author: ```suggestion
; OPT=TBD1 (Structured DNS Error): (no data)
```
